next it's a middleweight title fight
between cincinnati ohio zone rich
franklin and the american might swing
our tail the tape for this 185 pound
matchup for the UFC middleweight title
and now with the official introductions
the veteran voice of the Octagon here is
Bruce Buffer have you ready you ready
Mike Swick Rich Franklin height and
weight are underway Rich Franklin not
surprisingly took his turn as a coach on
The Ultimate Fighter he was the opposing
coach to Matt Hughes during the second
season of The Ultimate Fighter and rich
from all accounts enjoyed the experience
and like to kind of share in his
knowledge yeah rich is an excellent
coach and a real gold he's not just an
excellent coach either he's a real good
mentor for up-and-coming fibers got to
keep those hands up
try to punish the midsection nice
counter though
ducting in and counters that nicely
body shot
Oh Joey laggin big there and he's cut
him open the blood starting to throw oh
he just teeing off on the ribcage oh
he's hurt Joe he's still a bit rock
tunes he looks like he's I'm curious
treat to me oh but even covers
front kick buried in the ribs
let's look into that right hand like
nice punches
good striking oh but he ain't left he
gets the clench here dirty boxing
Oh body shot Oh big overhand right
Joe that's a huge connection right there
and it looks like there's a cuddler
fighter yeah it definitely looks like
he's cut my kid so if it doesn't get bad
Joe that's a perfectly landed strike and
this does not look good he's bleeding
yeah he's bleeding bad here this does
not look good at all some vicious kicks
both got staying in tight
good combination to the midsection just
about one minute remains in the first
round swinging a miss
45 seconds remains in the first round
nice leg kick man you could hear that
one very solid
nice leg kicks
Oh big kick shoots for the takedown nice
job too round one
let's take a look at some of that action
here
are you ready soon are you ready
this is round two and here we go
Barney's Johnny chick Oh
nice counter right hand
not Jim
that is some serious
Mike quick Swift lift up
Wow
lands a haymaker
and that's the flight
he came inside with some
bad intentions and good night and here
we see it again she's an incredible
amount of torque he puts in red
here we see it again close up
voice of the Octagon Bruce Buffer has
the official decision ladies and
gentlemen
start to the sky